Update billing options information PPF (#785)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Integration-Guides/payments-integration-guide/payments-integration-payment-provider-framework.md

By doing this you do not need to declare the `/manifest` route. They will be implemented automatically by the builder.

> ⚠️ The `name` field indicating the name of the connector must be replaced with the name of your provider. This field cannot be filled with a value `"MyConnector"`.

> > ℹ️ The available payment methods in the platform are available in the Admin. You can check the supported methods by going to the left panel and **Transactions** > **Payments** > **Payment conditions** and clicking on the green plus (+) button as you were adding a new payment option. You can check more details on the [Configuring payment conditions article](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/how-to-configure-payment-conditions--tutorials_455). In case you want to support a new payment method that is not available, you need to [open a ticket to the VTEX team](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/opening-tickets-to-vtex-support--16yOEqpO32UQYygSmMSSAM) informing them of this new payment method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ The available payment methods can be found in the Admin, by going to the left panel and accessing **Transactions** > **Payments** > **Payment conditions**, then clicking on the green plus (+) button as if you were adding a new payment option. Check more details on the [Configuring payment conditions article](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/how-to-configure-payment-conditions--tutorials_455). In case you want to support a new payment method that is not available, you need to [open a ticket to the VTEX team](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/opening-tickets-to-vtex-support--16yOEqpO32UQYygSmMSSAM) informing them of this new payment method.
```

Along with manifest fields (`paymentMethods` and `customFields`) there are the following configurable options.

> | Parameter name                 | Required | Default                           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
> | ------------------------------ | -------- | --------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | `name`                       | Yes      |                                   | Name of connector.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
> | `serviceUrl`                 | Yes      | Auto-generated for IO connectors. | A valid URL (can include relative paths).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
> | `implementsOAuth`            | No       | `false`                         | Decides if the provider implements or not the configuration flow supporting OAuth authentication.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
> | `implementsSplit`            | No       | `false`                         | Decides if the provider implements or not the split flow.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
> | `usesProviderHeadersName`    | No       | `true`                          | Decides if the provider will receive appKey and appToken headers as `"x-provider-api-appKey"` and `"x-provider-api-appToken"` respectively.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
> | `useAntifraud`               | No       | `false`                         | Decides if the provider can or cannot be used along antifraud providers.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
> | `usesBankInvoiceEnglishName` | No       | `false`                         | Decides if the Bank Invoice payment method will use the English name, if `true`, or the Brazilian name (Boleto Bancário), if `false`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
> | `usesSecureProxy`            | No       | `true`                          | If `true`, the provider can process payment without being PCI-Certified, the connector will receive a `secureProxyUrl` on `createPayment flow`, and the card encrypted data. If `false`, the provider must be a PCI-Certified entity, and you should send the AOC containing the provided `serviceUrl`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
> | `requiresDocument`           | No       | `false`                         | If `true`, the customer must include the cardholder document on Checkout. A new field will appear on the Checkout form. If `false`, the customer does not need to include a cardholder document.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
> | `acceptSplitPartialRefund`   | No       | `false`                         | If `true`, a partial refund will be sent when a payment split occurs. If `false`, the connector couldn't process a partial refund when a payment split occurs.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
> | `usesAutoSettleOptions`      | No       | `false`                         | If `true`, the client will be able to choose the behavior of the auto settlement in the VTEX admin configurations of the provider. The options available are the following: Use behavior recommended by the payment processor, Automatic capture immediately after payment authorization, Automatic capture immediately after anti-fraud analysis, Deactivated: Not automatically captured. If `false`, the connector won't have this dropdown configuration field for auto settlement. More information can be found in the [Custom Auto Capture Feature article](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/custom-auto-capture-feature). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Parameter name | Required | Default | Description |
| - | - | - | - |
| `name` | Yes | | Name of connector. |
| `serviceUrl` | Yes | Auto-generated for IO connectors. | A valid URL (can include relative paths). |
| `implementsOAuth` | No | `false` | Defines if the provider implements or not the configuration flow supporting OAuth authentication. |
| `implementsSplit` | No | `false` | Defines if the provider implements or not the split flow. |
| `usesProviderHeadersName` | No | `true` | Defines if the provider will receive appKey and appToken headers as `"x-provider-api-appKey"` and `"x-provider-api-appToken"` respectively. |
| `useAntifraud` | No | `false` | Defines if the provider can or cannot be used along antifraud providers. |
| `usesBankInvoiceEnglishName` | No | `false` | Defines if the Bank Invoice payment method will use the English name, if `true`, or the Brazilian name (Boleto Bancário), if `false`. |
| `usesSecureProxy` | No | `true` | If `true`, the provider can process payment without being PCI-Certified, the connector will receive a `secureProxyUrl` on `createPayment flow`, and the card encrypted data. If `false`, the provider must be a PCI-Certified entity, and you should send the AOC containing the provided `serviceUrl`. |
| `requiresDocument` | No | `false` | If `true`, the customer must include the cardholder document on Checkout. A new field will appear on the Checkout form. If `false`, the customer does not need to include a cardholder document. |
| `acceptSplitPartialRefund` | No | `false` | If `true`, a partial refund will be sent when a payment split occurs. If `false`, the connector couldn't process a partial refund when a payment split occurs. |
| `usesAutoSettleOptions` | No | `false` | If `true`, the client will be able to choose the behavior of the auto settlement in the VTEX admin configurations of the provider. The options available are the following: Use behavior recommended by the payment processor, Automatic capture immediately after payment authorization, Automatic capture immediately after anti-fraud analysis, Deactivated: Not automatically captured. If `false`, the connector won't have this dropdown configuration field for auto settlement. More information can be found in the [Custom Auto Capture Feature article](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/custom-auto-capture-feature). |
```

8. Configure a [payment condition](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/how-to-configure-payment-conditions--tutorials_455) with your newly created connector and wait 10 minutes to appear on Checkout.
9. Make a purchase with the payment condition you configured with your connector.

> ⚠️ Our Payment Provider Test Suite, an app used to test payment connector flows, is not prepared to test cases considering an integration using Secure Proxy. More details about this app can be found in the [Payment Provider  Homologation article](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/payments-integration-payment-provider-homologation).

Also, differently from connectors that do not use Payment Provider Framework, integrations that do use it do not support the ability to have a sandbox service provider endpoint, which is used for tests. A PPF connector only supports one production endpoint, so the toggle to choose between test and production in the configuration page of the Admin will not appear.

## Making your connector available to process sales

> > ⚠️ To process sales with your connector on all VTEX accounts, make sure to send the `billingOptions` field indicated as `free`  in the manifest. If you only want to make it available for some specific accounts, inform the payments team through the ticket and do not send the `billingOptions` field in the manifest. More information about this field can be found in the [Billing Options article](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-billing-options).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ To process sales with your connector on all VTEX accounts, make sure to send the `billingOptions` field indicated as `free`  in the manifest. If you only want to make it available for some specific accounts, inform our Payments team through a [support ticket](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/opening-tickets-to-vtex-support--16yOEqpO32UQYygSmMSSAM) and do not send the `billingOptions` field in the manifest. More information about this field can be found in the [Billing Options article](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-billing-options).
```
